README.md, before:

(Yet Another) Superflat Map Generator [superflat]
=========

# License
MIT License (code) and CC BY-SA 3.0 (media) (see LICENSE file)

# Feature
- Customize world generation layer by layer
- Decoration (optional)
- If you fall, you will be returned to surface

# How to Modify
1. Open `parameter.lua` file.
2. Change `sflat.Y_ORIGIN` to adjust first layer's pos (default: 1).
3. Change `sflat.BLOCKS` to adjust the composition of the world (code: layers from bottom to top;biome,decoration) (examples available).

Note: If the specified node does not exist, the air node will be used.

## Modify existing world
1. Open `superflat.txt` file in your world's folder.
2. Do like editing `parameter.lua` file.

## List of biomes
- Frozen River
- River
- Ice Plains
- Ice Plains Spikes
- Flower Plains
- Plains
- Forest
- Jungle
- Desert

## Presets
|Preset|Code
|------|----
|Example|`"node:name_bottom=amount,node:name_top=amount"`
|Example (+decoration)|`"node:name_bottom=amount,node:name_top=amount;Biome,decoration"`
|Example (one layer thick)|`"node:a,node:b=2,node:c=3"`
|Default|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=2,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Forest|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=2,default:dirt_with_grass;Forest,decoration"`
|Shallow Underground|`"superflat:bedrock,default:stone=230,default:dirt=5,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Deep Underground|`"superflat:bedrock,default:stone=920,default:dirt=10,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Very Deep Underground|`"superflat:bedrock,default:stone=3680,default:dirt=15,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Bottomless Pit|`"default:cobble=2,default:dirt=3,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Shallow Sea|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=5"`
|Sea|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=10"`
|Deep Sea|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=20"`
|Water World|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=60"`
|Beach|`"superflat:bedrock,default:sand=3,default:water_source"`
|Desert Superflat|`"superflat:bedrock,default:desert_sand=3"`
|Farmer's Dream|`"superflat:bedrock,default:water_source,farming:soil_wet"`
|You Cannot Escape|`"default:gravel,default:sand,default:gravel"`

Commit message:

Rewrite some documentations
New example: Flower Garden

README.md, after:

(Yet Another) Superflat Map Generator [superflat]
=========

# License
MIT License (code) and CC BY-SA 3.0 (media) (see LICENSE file)

# Features
- Customize world generation layer by layer
- Decoration (optional)
- If you fall, you will be returned to the surface

# How to Modify
1. Open `parameter.lua` file.
2. Change `sflat.Y_ORIGIN` to adjust first layer's y-level (default: 1).
3. Change `sflat.BLOCKS` to adjust the composition of the world (code: layers from bottom to top;biome,decoration) (examples below).

Note: If the specified node does not exist, the air node will be used.

## Modify an Existing World
1. Open `superflat.txt` file in your world's folder.
2. Do like editing `parameter.lua` file.

## List of Biomes
- Frozen River (no decoration for now)
- River (no decoration for now)
- Ice Plains (no decoration for now)
- Ice Plains Spikes
- Flower Plains
- Plains
- Forest
- Jungle
- Desert

## Examples
|Name|Code
|------|----
|Example|`"node:name_bottom=amount,node:name_top=amount"`
|Example (+decoration)|`"node:name_bottom=amount,node:name_top=amount;Biome,decoration"`
|Example (one layer thick)|`"node:a,node:b=2,node:c=3"`
|Default|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=2,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Forest|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=2,default:dirt_with_grass;Forest,decoration"`
|Flower Garden|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=2,default:dirt_with_grass;Flower Plains,decoration"`
|Shallow Underground|`"superflat:bedrock,default:stone=230,default:dirt=5,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Deep Underground|`"superflat:bedrock,default:stone=920,default:dirt=10,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Very Deep Underground|`"superflat:bedrock,default:stone=3680,default:dirt=15,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Bottomless Pit|`"default:cobble=2,default:dirt=3,default:dirt_with_grass"`
|Shallow Sea|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=5"`
|Sea|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=10"`
|Deep Sea|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=20"`
|Water World|`"superflat:bedrock,default:dirt=3,default:water_source=60"`
|Beach|`"superflat:bedrock,default:sand=3,default:water_source"`
|Desert Superflat|`"superflat:bedrock,default:desert_sand=3"`
|Farmer's Dream|`"superflat:bedrock,default:water_source,farming:soil_wet"`
|You Cannot Escape|`"default:gravel,default:sand,default:gravel"`
